research.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Research
permalink: /research/
sidebar_link: true
sidebar_sort_order: 2
---


### Publications

Lars Vilhuber, Hyuk Son, Meredith Welch, David Wasser, & Michael Darisse. (2022). [**Teaching for large-scale Reproducibility Verification.**](https://doi.org/10.1080/26939169.2022.2074582) *Journal of Statistics and Data Science Education*.

[**The Short-Term Economic Consequences of COVID-19: Exposure to Disease, Essential Workers and Remote Work**](https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0270341) (with Abel Brodeur and Louis-Philippe Beland)
2023\. *PLoS ONE* 18(3): e0270341. \
 [ [Pre-Analysis Plans](https://osf.io/c28t5/) ] &nbsp; [ [IZA Discussion Paper](http://ftp.iza.org/dp13159.pdf) ] &nbsp; [ [Code](https://osf.io/c28t5/) ]



### Working Papers
[**Replication of "How Much Does Immigration Boost Innovation?"**](https://www.econstor.eu/bitstream/10419/265508/1/I4R-DP004.pdf) \
*Revise & Resubmit, Economic Inquiry*

[**Policing for whom? Officer-involved shootings and police legitimacy in Chicago**]({{site.url}}/assets/wright_jmp.pdf)

Commit message:

Update research.md with RA work

research.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Research
permalink: /research/
sidebar_link: true
sidebar_sort_order: 2
---


### Publications

Lars Vilhuber, Hyuk Son, Meredith Welch, David Wasser, & Michael Darisse. (2022). [**Teaching for large-scale Reproducibility Verification.**](https://doi.org/10.1080/26939169.2022.2074582) *Journal of Statistics and Data Science Education*.

### Research Experience

# Research Aide & Assistant Data Editor – Cornell University Labor Dynamics Institute

Independently replicate academic papers set for publication in AEA journals and prepare detailed reports on the replication process
Debug computer code used in authors’ replication packages
Work directly with the Data Editor of the American Economic Association to manage 15-20 undergraduate Research Assistants
Assist in the hiring and training of all undergraduate Research Assistants
Handle all lab coordination efforts including case assignment and requests for restricted data access

# Research Assistant – Texas A&M Professors Marco Castillo and Ragan Petrie
Work with data from the Department of Education and Training in Victoria Australia to understand the value added of schools to a student’s education and development
Cleaning, preparing, merging and analysis of large datasets using Stata and R

# Research Assistant – Empirical Evaluations of Non-Experimental Methods in Field Settings
Read within-study comparisons to assess non-experimental design methods and coded study information in a database

# Research Assistant – Assistant Teaching Professor at Wake Forest University Stephan Shipe
Created data with specific characteristics in order to train a machine learning algorithm to identify graphic aids using investment advisor ADV Forms
Performed literature reviews pertaining to CEO gender and financial performance as well as fiduciary duty to investment advisory clients
